Elevation SDK Deprecation (#34869)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/maps/azure-maps-elevation/README.md

## Important

> Please note, this package has been deprecated and will no longer be in service or maintained after 5 May 2023. We encourage you to upgrade to the latest version to continue receiving updates. All other Azure Maps APIs, Services and TilesetIDs are unaffected by this retirement. Refer to the migration guide [Elevation Services Retirement] for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our deprecation policy (https://aka.ms/azsdk/support-policies) for more details.

Reviewer: Same comment about not having a new version to upgrade to.
```suggestion
Please note, this package has been deprecated and will no longer be in service or maintained after May 5th, 2023. All other Azure Maps APIs, Services and TilesetIDs are unaffected by this retirement. Refer to the migration guide [Elevation Services Retirement] for guidance on upgrading. Refer to our deprecation policy (https://aka.ms/azsdk/support-policies) for more details.
```
